Use Cases for midterm coffee shop software. 

Case 1: Order Usage

1. The order taker wants to place an order for the customer that is requesting one.
2. The order taker adds a drink by clicking on the drink button of the drink of the customer's choice.
2a. Optionally, the order taker adds condiments by pressing the button according to the customer's choice.
2b. Optionally, the cancel last condiment or cancel beverage button if the customer changes their mind and proceeds back to step 2.
3. The drink is added to the order by pressing the add drink button.
3a. Optionally, other drinks are added to the order by going to step 2.
3b. Optionally, the cancel order button is pressed if the customer wishes to cancel the order.
4. The order taker presses the finish order and pay button when the customer indicates that their order is complete. 

Case 2: Cashier Usage

1. The cashier wants to complete the transaction with the customer that has just popped up in the cashier queue.
1b. Optionally, if the customer changes their mind and does not want the order then the cancel button is pressed.
2. The cashier takes the customer's money, gives them change if they need it
3. The cashier presses the paid button. 

Case 3: Beverage Pourer

1. The beverage pourer wants to pour an order that has popped up on his screen.
2. The beverage pourer pours each of the drinks listed on the screen
2a. If the order dissapears from the screen then the order is discarded.
3. The beverage pourer gives the order to the condiment pourer.
4. the beverage pourer presses the processed button. 

Case 4: Condiment Pourer

1. The condiment pourer wants to add condiments to an order that popped up on their screen. 
2. The condiment pourer adds condiments to each of the beverages as described on the screen.
2a. If the order dissapears from the screen then the order is discarded.
3. The condiment pourer gives the finished order to the order pickup guy...
4. The condiment pourer presses the processed button on the screen for that order. 

Case 5: Order Pickup Guy...

1. The order pickup guy wants to hand out an order to a customer that just popped up on their screen. 
1a. If the order disappears from the screen then the order is discarded. 
2. The order pickup guy locates the customer. 
3. The order pickup guy gives the order to the customer. 
4. The order pickup guy presses the processed button on the screen for that order. 

Case 6: The Customer

1. The customer wants to make an order.
2. The customer approaches the order taker and gives em' their order.
3. The customer approaches the cashier taker and pays for the order.
4. The customer approaches the order pickup guy and takes their order.
5. the customer enjoys satisfying coffee.  